---
title: Make® Conversations
description:
  The promotional website for Make® Conversations, an event organised by Danish
  creative consultancy Make®
from: 2022-01-13
to: 2022-02-24
---

import hero from './images/hero.png'

[Make® Conversations](https://make.dk/conversations/) is a web-based project I
worked on during my time as a student developer at [Make®](https://make.dk), a
creative consultancy based in Copenhagen.

## Showcase

<Image src={hero} alt="Make® Conversations Site – Hero Section" />

## Contributions

One of the biggest contributions I made was to the performance of the site.
Loading speed is a metric which is critical for a great user experience. Through
the use of modern technologies, I was able to improve the Time To Interactive
(TTI) of the site by a factor of 4 when compared to its predecessor.[^1]

Another big impact I had was on the subject of accessibility (a11y). While the
changes were mostly small and easy to make, such as fixing previously blocked
visual scaling, they can potentially have a huge impact on visitors of the site
who rely on these features to navigate it.

## Lessons Learned

It was my first time working at a consultancy, and I learned a great deal from
the experience.

One big lesson I learned was to **adapt**. Make was stuck on a legacy system,
but, naïve as I was, I decided to develop the new site using the modern tooling
I was used to at the time. Looking back on this decision, however, I realise my
attempt to port their existing setup to modern infrastructure was premature, as
the disparity between the different configurations resulted in more problems
than simply sticking with the existing setup. Going forward, I will bear in mind
to _walk the middle ground_ – make improvements wherever possible while also
taking into consideration the organisational tradeoffs of any changes I make.

Another lesson I have taken onboard is **stress management**. There was a
technical issue when it came to launching the site, and I was unable to fix it.
With a deadline to meet, I became increasingly stressed to the point that I
found myself worrying about the issue even outside of work hours. However, once
I became aware of the extent to which worry was occupying my mind, I was able to
deal with it much better.

## Conclusion

All in all, my time at Make® was a fantastic experience. It was fun and
interesting, and it also led me to grow in many ways.

[^1]:
    Metrics measured using
    [Google Lighthouse](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/).
    TTI decreased from 11.1s to 2.4s.
